# Assignment 1 by Asad Jafri

# The goal of this project was to construct, analyze, and publish a dataset on data.world. I did this by first collecting and processing data from two sources. The first source was a dataset that included the amount of times a certain country was mentioned in the New York Times from the years 2000 to 2016. The second dataset included the countries' respective population, land mass, and density. These two datasets were combined to create a novel dataset. The datasets themselves were found on data.world, with one through the NY Times API. The link to the datasets are found here: https://data.world/asadjafri/assignment-1/workspace/file?filename=1Country+Population%2C+Land+Area%2C+Density.csv

# Then, the data was analyzed through a graph where the country (on x-axis) was listed against the number of occurences in the publications (on the y-axis). I did this because I felt the most vauable feature of the dataset was the amount of times it was included in the NY Times articles. I feel that it allows for one to see how the NY Times itself may have a bias for a few select few countries in which it frequently discusses in its stories and articles. It can be one way into identifying and analyzing media bias through human-centered data science.

# The license for the project was a MIT license. A source of bias may have been not including the countries' wealth in the data, as this may have had an impact on the number of times it was mentioned in the publications. This may have been a valuable variable.
